utils/hsc2hs                            hsc2hs
libraries/array                         packages/array
libraries/base                          packages/base
libraries/bytestring                    packages/bytestring
libraries/Cabal                         packages/Cabal
libraries/containers                    packages/containers
libraries/directory                     packages/directory
libraries/editline                      packages/editline
libraries/filepath                      packages/filepath
libraries/ghc-prim                      packages/ghc-prim
libraries/haskell98                     packages/haskell98
libraries/hpc                           packages/hpc
libraries/integer-gmp                   packages/integer-gmp
libraries/old-locale                    packages/old-locale
libraries/old-time                      packages/old-time
libraries/packedstring                  packages/packedstring
libraries/pretty                        packages/pretty
libraries/process                       packages/process
libraries/random                        packages/random
libraries/template-haskell              packages/template-haskell
libraries/unix                          packages/unix
libraries/Win32                         packages/Win32
libraries/HUnit             extralibs   packages/HUnit
libraries/QuickCheck        extralibs   packages/QuickCheck
libraries/cgi               extralibs   packages/cgi
libraries/haskell-src       extralibs   packages/haskell-src
libraries/html              extralibs   packages/html
libraries/mtl               extralibs   packages/mtl
libraries/network           extralibs   packages/network
libraries/parsec            extralibs   packages/parsec
libraries/parallel          extralibs   packages/parallel
libraries/regex-base        extralibs   packages/regex-base
libraries/regex-compat      extralibs   packages/regex-compat
libraries/regex-posix       extralibs   packages/regex-posix
libraries/stm               extralibs   packages/stm
libraries/time              extralibs   packages/time
libraries/xhtml             extralibs   packages/xhtml
libraries/dph               dph         packages/dph
testsuite                   testsuite   testsuite
nofib                       nofib       nofib

